Update CS objectives for Q1 2026 (#14126)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/customer-success/objectives.mdx

## Q1 2026 Goals

- Hit CSM Net Revenue Retention (NRR) of 120% (CSMs)
- Hit and track all team revenue goals (Dana)

This quarter we're focused on evolving from a generally helpful human to a _strategic_ human for our customers – through deeper industry expertise, smarter internal and external signals, and more proactive engagement.

### Ship 3 industry playbooks that the CS team uses for customer engagements (Kaya)
We have customers across a lot of industries, each with their own set of business goals, metrics they care about, tech stack, typical personas, etc. We don't yet know the patterns of success for each specific industry.

Let's create industry-specific guidance with concrete, resuable patterns the team can use. Some questions:
- What's the typical approach to take with customers in vertical X?
- What should customers be thinking of in terms of their analytics, PostHog implementation, workflows, etc. in order to build successful products?

> - What business impact and value can we help customers drive towards?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What specific business metrics can we help the customer drive forward through their use of PostHog?
```

> 

Author: @kmt901 these are some ideas I _think_ may be helpful based on our discussion during planning but feel free to take it in whatever angle you want!

**We'll know we're successful when**: we can confidently answer "what are your other customers like us doing for X"

### Do more workshops (Ben)
Workshops are one of our best tools to demonstrate strategic value. Let's be more proactive in offering these to customers. We also want to answer:
- What are the broad types of workshop a customer will find valuable?
- What type of customer would benefit from what workshop – e.g. industry, level of PostHog implementation, business goal, time of year? At what point in their PostHog journey would they benefit from each workshop?
- Is there a template the team can re-use as a starting point to deliver their workshop?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we each run 15+ workshops in the quarter

### Explore segmentation / specialization (Dana)
We each have customers across 10+ industries. Does specializing within the team lead to deeper expertise and relationships? What does specialized CS look like?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we have customers across 5 industries, not 10

### Smarter internal alerts (Christophe)

> We have a lot of alerts in Vitally – most require digging to figure out the severity, relevancy, and required action. How can we do this better? The answer is _probably_ not more alerts. 

Author: @ceyniustranberg I like the examples you shared. My push back is still I think the scope is too broad and you need to narrow it. Ben's tried to tackled these questions this quarter and ran into real challenges – unless you have some ideas on how to overcome those challenges, I don't think it's a good use of time to repeat the same thing

Using 'billing page visited' example we talked about before, how do we differentiate between someone trying to update their credit card vs someone unhappy with the cost? What does _friction_ look like? What does _started configuration_ look like? What does _getting value_ look like? I think these questions are more interesting / tangible to explore – and you can even see if you can use LLMA, session summaries, PostHog AI, MCP, workflows etc. to explore this (which will in turn help you understand these products even better). I think focusing on a few products to start would be a good idea too.

i know this is different to what you originally had in min. I'm not wedded to this angle. however, you need to be more specific and tangible – otherwise, it would be difficult to make progress amongst customer work.

> We have a lot of alerts in Vitally – most require digging to figure out the severity, relevancy, and required action. How can we do this better? The answer is _probably_ not more alerts. 

Reviewer 2: Those are fair comments!
I think at this stage I haven't narrowed down to this level of details and it will organically happen as I start the work. For now, I could decide to narrow down to a specific product (or a selection of product within a theme) or rewrite the goal to highlight that the work will narrow down.

**We'll know we're successful when**: we start loving our alerts

### Account news alerts (Steven)
We want to be aware of external signals – company news, new funding rounds, leadership changes, layoffs etc. We started this in our CS offsite hackathon but let's ship it into production this quarter. 

**We'll know we're successful when**: we make use of external activity to engage with customers

#### Behavioral change monitoring (Marko)

> How might we use AI to monitor customer behavior patterns and flag meaningful changes we might otherwise miss?

Reviewer 3: What about the following 

```
#### AI-powered behavioral analysis for product adoption (Marko)
We have rich usage data showing customer behavior patterns, but catching product adoption signals requires manual monitoring. Can we use AI to automatically detect when customers start to not simply experiment with new products, but are on a path to properly adopt them, and push this information to a CS Slack channel. Starting with error tracking - can we identify potential cross-sell candidates in the early stages of error tracking usage and help them reach full adoption?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we convert 5+ customers to active error tracking users who were identified through AI-powered detection of early adoption signals rather than manual account reviews
```

> How might we use AI to monitor customer behavior patterns and flag meaningful changes we might otherwise miss?

Author: yes, i like this!

> How might we use AI to monitor customer behavior patterns and flag meaningful changes we might otherwise miss?

Author: I'll commit the changes

> How might we use AI to monitor customer behavior patterns and flag meaningful changes we might otherwise miss?

Reviewer 3: Awesome, thank you 🙏

Workshops are one of our best tools to demonstrate strategic value. Let's be more proactive in offering these to customers. We also want to answer:
- What are the broad types of workshop a customer will find valuable?
- What type of customer would benefit from what workshop – e.g. industry, level of PostHog implementation, business goal, time of year? At what point in their PostHog journey would they benefit from each workshop?
- Is there a template the team can re-use as a starting point to deliver their workshop?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we each run 15+ workshops in the quarter

### Explore segmentation / specialization (Dana)
We each have customers across 10+ industries. Does specializing within the team lead to deeper expertise and relationships? What does specialized CS look like?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we have customers across 5 industries, not 10

### Identify user friction (Christophe)
Payment alone doesn't mean a customer is getting value. What early friction points signal they're at risk of churning?

**We'll know we're successful when**: we confidently have reached out to individual users with tailored recommendations.

> **We'll know we're successful when**: we start loving our alerts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
